Since Maples lacks the functionality of focussing on allowing opportunity to those who are at staff level to provide genuine upward feedback for their managers/directors, I am taking this space to express my overall journey which led me to take such step, which by the way I never had thought of. It is important for all working here including higher management to be aware of these issues to ensure that future employees do not face the same problems that I have experienced.
FYI- To substantiate all the below mentioned facts, I am attaching a detailed report from my counsellor along with the Doctor's note to higher management focussing the phase I went through. I hope that the company's higher management will pay attention to this matter.
I joined Maples on contract in September 2022, and became permanent in September 2023 after receiving excellent feedback from my top management within my team and other team's senior management including our vendors. During my goal-setting meeting in December with my two managers (who were then newly promoted), I was being informed of the goals required to be achieved throughout 2024.
Since day 1 till I was made permanent, my on-paper manager was Sogol Lohi, however the role I was designated for by our team director Robert, I was assigned to work under Rosworth's (Ros) supervision, reason being I was assigned a different manager opposed to my on-paper manager were:
1.	He was much more knowledgeable about my technical responsibilities and provided guidance and assistance throughout the year. Despite Sogol being my manager, she showed no interest in my work during 2023. 
2.	I regularly sent emails seeking reviews of my tasks and kept her informed about my work and interactions with other teams, but she never engaged with my emails, and we rarely had one-on-one meetings.
3.	When we did meet, her focus was solely on discussing my salary structure once I became permanent. She repeatedly asked me to compare my salary expectations with those of colleagues in similar roles, emphasizing that my salary would align with theirs upon my permanent status, which I found puzzling and threaten about job security.
4.	Her reviews were always focussed on non-technical areas such as making documentations more colourful, which I do understand is an important skill for one's overall professional growth but not that important to sideline more critical issues which as a Security Detection Officer I was hired in the first place; hence her reviews have always been unproductive, un-supportive and incredibly useless.
5.	There were instances where a call is being scheduled to discuss certain agenda. Now as a manager it is a basic requirement that he/she should be aware of the call, I must make Sogol understand about needs to be done, lay more emphasis on. However, being said above, due to lack of technical knowledge she has always proved nothing but a silent attendee to the call providing no value additions except being a critic to it.
This raises an issue on the top management and their evaluation process to promote someone to a managerial position who is not technically sound and have no knowledge of the work being done within the team.
The time flew and December 2023 arrived, I was on annual vacation, and upon returning in January 2024, I began working on my goals diligently since they were designed and mutually agreed to achieve throughout the 2024.
During the early days of January 2024, I was surprised when Sogol, informed me about putting me in DAP (Development Action Plan), a plan designed for those employees who need more efforts to justify their commitment towards the job, seems a bit ironic after received outstanding and positive feedback from entire Infosec team of Maples. I will not lie but it was very difficult to comprehend as to why I was placed on a DAP without clear justification or clarification. Moreover, the DAP included warnings about the risk of termination if I did not meet her expectations which by the way was nothing but to make Sogol's work burden easier where she kept herself away from almost everything, as that's all you can expect when the manager's sole role is to sit quiet and do nothing.
Nevertheless, I did accept this decision with a heavy heart because I am not that person who runs away from challenges, instead how to exploit them in opportunities, which I have learnt over 8 years of my career with companies much bigger and complex then Maples. I was refrained from asking questions (you know why...!!) and began focusing on the tasks outlined in the DAP. 
After few days, my initially shock turned into nightmare when I learnt that the points listed in my DAP were identical to the goals set up to achieve in 12 months. Furthermore, I was warned that I had just two months to achieve all these objectives.
When I accepted the DAP and started working, despite knowing that something was wrong and she wasn't answering my questions, I gradually realized that it wasn't about my performance. Instead, I was being targeted and treated differently by no one except Sogol (a person who our director Robert seemed fit to be so knowledgeable and mature…a bit concerning...!).
As my time in DAP spent, I used to give weekly updates in stand-up calls in one-to-one meeting. Sogol never seemed satisfied. I always received negative feedback, not for technical work but for grammar mistakes, not updating slides, or not updating the daily work dashboard. Upon explaining like a million times that I would update everything once my work was finished, she kept herself adamant and arrogant. Slowly, I noticed a pattern: my manager was waiting for my small mistakes so she could pick on them and continually harass me over trivial issues.
As a technical professional, I expect to receive technical reviews and feedbacks even if they are constructive rather than attacking in nature. Ultimately, I came to an understanding that I must invest extra effort and time in explaining my tasks and the reasons for time spent on them due to incapable manager I was tagged with. Additionally, during our interactions, my manager consistently instilled fear suggesting that I could be terminated. Her demeanour towards me was consistently negative, starting conversations with unwelcoming expressions that made me feel unwanted, discriminated, and undervalued within the team.
These experiences caused me significant mental stress and led me to realize that instead of supporting me during this period, Sogol constantly pushed me to a phase involving mental harassment, anxiety, losing confidence in myself and distress, which affected both my professional and personal live.
I would like to describe one of the incidents here: the infrastructure team was grappling with a CPU usage issue for 1-2 weeks, and Ros asked me to investigate (who once agreed with Sogol that I lack critical thinking, interesting right…!!). I understood the issue and implemented the necessary changes. On the day of implementation, I informed Sogol (out of fear) during our one-on-one meeting including Ros immediately after making the changes and Sogol was OOO for rest of the week. No review was carried out by either of them until Infra team acknowledged the solutions and appreciated AGAIN and as always, no piece of appreciation came from my own managers, heart-breaking.

This period was extremely stressful for me, faced numerous mental challenges and no help came forward. On the other hand, I was treated unfairly that I may never fully articulate the experience. To this day, such instances haunt me and am still struggling to recover from this trauma inflicted upon me.
After working for three months, I was expecting constructive feedback (I must blame myself here for being naïve), but at the end of the DAP review, Sogol again provided only negative feedback without any acknowledgment of my work. This feedback deeply shattered me and caused significant stress, leaving me unsure of what more to do or how to improve. Summoning courage, I approached my director, Robert Eryou, to discuss my issues, hoping for resolution. I detailed everything that had transpired over the past three months. I somehow made my mind understood and accepted such demeaning feedbacks, however this time I requested Robert to him was to change my manager from Sogol to Ros (as you all would be now assuming why.) Robert agreed with my concerns and assured me that he will address all my problems. Seeing my distressed state, he advised me to take a two-day leave to recover and to touch base later.
While I was away, I was expecting my director would have taken some major changes to schedule a follow-up meeting as promised, but he did not only inquire about my well-being, but there was also not a single degree of change within the team structure. Observing no improvements taking place, I finally sought counsel from my counsellor from Unmind, who suggested I should speak with HR. As advised, I approached HR, Gabriella with my issues, I faced another blow of shock by hearing the response from HR that they could not take any action and suggested that if I was so troubled, I should consider leaving the company. GOD BLESS ME. That day I was shattered into pieces with nothing more to left.
I finally asked HR about the procedure for filing a grievance, and although they provided me with the details, they also warned me of potential consequences, Afterall that's what you will do to protect the company. 
Sogol on the other hand who has now taken this entire phase to personally attack me, brought me a written warning along with the Gabriella, sat with me in a room and pressurized me to sign a document under threat of disciplinary action that I accept this written warning because I raised the concern to change my manager. That day, I realized that they had conspired to mentally torture me for another three months. There was clear favouritism at play, and no one is there for me. On that same day, I decided I could no longer survive in that environment and submitted my resignation.
To this day, I will never understand:
1. How an employee who received outstanding yearly feedback could be put in a DAP?
2. Such circumstances emerged as soon as I was made permanent when everything was so smooth during my contractual period. Upon inquiring on this with HR, I was told that Maples cannot place any employee on contract in DAP, so was it intentional on the management's part to wait till they make me permanent and start attacking? I hope from no employee should be made permanent in this organization so prevent such type of brutal discrimination.
3. Why Sogol did not involve herself in my improvement need during Sept 22-23, never held one-on-one meetings and not responding to my emails when copied about my work during that period?
4. Lastly, why did they still relied on me till the last day of my employment to resolve their complex issues despite of being labelled me as a person with no critical thinking and understanding?
